{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21760\viewh15760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am somewhat apprehensive in sharing the thoughts I had over the weekend, for a couple of reasons.\
\
Firstly, it feels like unsteady ground that your initial response to my mentioning that I have done a lot of thinking, was to ask if I was looking for some kind of exit.\
\
Secondly, there has been more than one instance where I start to share my perception and observation, and before I am done with a sentence, you have accused me of insulting you.\
\
In light of the first, let me state at the outset, that I am not looking for exit. That is not what occupied my mind over the weekend. What occupied my mind was trying to work out what we can do to ensure we don\'92t need an exit. How can we do this for the next 10 years, and in truth, make a shit load of money in the process.\
\
As for the second, I aim to do everything I can to convince you that I am not trying to insult you. To my mind, to be insulted is very much like being offended. Nobody can offend someone else, but someone else can take offence. Whether anything I write below makes you feel insulted, the power of that is not in my control. Having said that, I am going to try and frame everything below as questions rather than statements.\
\
Onto my thoughts\'85\
\
\'97\'97\
\
Having sat down to write at first a list of the main topics or subjects that occupied my mind over the weekend, I realised that the underlying issue for me is a lack of clarity.\
\
I am sure that will not be a surprise to you, but it is this lack of clarity and focus which I suspect is the greatest threat to our business. The greatest obstacle standing in the way of our success.\
\
\

\f1\b Q1 - What is the focus of the non-product side of the business?
\f0\b0 \
\
If anyone were to ask me, I\'92d have no answer for them. I don\'92t know where to go and look to find the answer either.\
\

\f1\b Q2 - What is happening to our company page on LinkedIn?\
\

\f0\b0 My understanding is that we are doing some outreach on LinkedIn. However, if anyone were to look at preIPO on LI, they will find no information. This complete lack of information I can imagine having a negative effect on the impression we might give. This would likely undermine any other activity on LI.\
\

\f1\b Q3 - What happened to Oversubscribed?\
\

\f0\b0 After you first read the book, I believe everyone else got a copy and also read it. My expectation was that we would start using it as the basis and template for getting at least a waiting list going.\
\
Admittedly, it has been a while since I read Oversubscribed, but I did also attend the 2-day Campaign Driven Enterprise workshop Daniel delivered alongside the book.\
\
My understanding is that the whole process is focussed on something like a 12 month goal, with 4 x 90-day campaigns focussed on sales, and then Daily/Weekly/Monthly activities driving specifically to generate interest in what is being sold in the 90-day cycle.\
\

\f1\b Q4 - What happened to the daily LinkedIn Posts, Blogs and writing a book?\
\

\f0\b0 At our meeting in London at the start of the year, we discussed the value in writing book. Not with a view to sell the book and generate income that way, but being able to set a target to give away 1000 books per year.\
\
We discussed, and you were very excited about writing just 500 words every morning. This can then become part of a book chapter later, but can also be used as a daily LinkedIn Post and Blog Post for our website.\
\
I know writing a book is hard. But, I also know that by just writing 500 words per day, every day, it becomes a really much quicker that you might imagine.\
\

\f1\b Q5 - What happened to the monthly financial updates?\
\

\f0\b0 During our meeting at the start of the year, we looked at projections for the year.\
This was adjusted and discussed over a couple of weeks after our meeting.\
\
Since then, we\'92ve had no discussions about where we are in relation to those goals and targets, or how we see them now.\
\
From your comments I also understand that you had a meeting with Maureen to discuss pricing.\
\
I completely understand that at minimum we are not on target based on those projections, but as a co-founder, I would expect to be included in discussions around pricing, as well as getting into the habit of having monthly finance reviews, regardless of what those finances are.\
\

\f1\b Q6 - Why do great ideas just fade from focus and attention?\
\

\f0\b0 I think this might be an underlying question in many of the other questions here. It seems we discuss things which we both agree would be good for the business and for growing the business, but then within not much time, it has faded into the background and is forgotten about.\
\
Now, I am not suggesting everything we discuss as a good idea should be our focus, but we certainly don\'92t seem to be making decisions to not do something or to stop doing something. Things just seem to drift out of view without us even noticing. This is why I suggested we commit to a minimum number of podcast episodes. If we are going to do 1, we need to commit to 25, otherwise it is at risk of fading away almost without notice.\
\

\f1\b Q7 - What are our goals?\
\

\f0\b0 I really couldn\'92t say.\
\

\f1\b Q8 - What are the key non-product projects we are completing at the moment?\
\

\f0\b0 I know there is a notion of Opps, Sales etc\'85 but I have no idea really on what the focus is.\
\

\f1\b Q9 - Where are the key non-product projects being managed?\
\

\f0\b0 How do we know what is being done, what needs to be done, what has been done and who is responsible for it?\
Maureen mentioned on the Tuesday team call that she wants to build a Gannt chart to track what is being done with active customers. Sounds fine, but this suggests there is some type of even light-weight project management place, the output of which drives the Gannt chart.\
\
Is there a single place where these projects are managed?\
\

\f1\b Q10 - Under what circumstances do we become a company?\
\

\f0\b0 We\'92ve talked about this a few times, but the goal-post moves. So far we were going to incorporate in September of 2023, then January 2024 and to date we\'92ve not discussed it again.\
\

\f1\b Q11 - How can we remain focussed?\

\f0\b0 \
You mentioned on our call last Friday, that my ability to focus, and my relentless nature to remain focus on what we decide is important, is an asset in the business. My questions here is, how can we remain focussed on the correct things?\
\
How do we make sure we are focussed on catching antelope and not field mice?\
\
What do I mean by this?\
\
This blog from Tim Ferris makes it clear:\
\
https://tim.blog/2024/05/02/are-you-hunting-antelope-or-field-mice/\
\
A clear example for me was the instance last week of discussing our logo in the product. Do we use the normal version or the one with the trademark symbol. I honestly felt like pulling what little hair I have left, out.\
\
I was trying to get changing the Logo on the Chrome Extension through QA in order to ensure we can deploy to Production, and it is suddenly something at risk of being delayed by a discussion about something so far removed from what will actually make a difference to us reaching even the smallest of next steps in our business growth.\
\

\f1\b Q12 - How do we decide if something is an antelope or a field mouse?\

\f0\b0 \
I don\'92t think we have a real process around any of this. I certainly can not see a consistent approach to decision making and prioritisation.\
\
\'97\
\
Those are the things I had running around in my head over the weekend.\
\
If I had to summarise, I\'92d say I am looking for some clarity on the business side of the business, and clarity of focus, outside of the Product Development. \
\
In addition, these are the articles I read over the weekend, which gave me some of the thoughts I had.\
\
https://davidcummings.org/2024/05/04/0-to-10-unaffiliated-customers-as-1st-major-milestone/\
\
https://review.firstround.com/20-lessons-from-20-different-paths-to-product-market-fit-advice-for-founders-from-founders/\
\
https://www.growth-memo.com/p/gravity\
\
}